README.md, before:

# Case Management RFQ
Developing an RFQ to procure a new case management system for the United States Tax Court.

## Introduction

The United States Tax Court is an independent Federal court headquartered in Washington, D.C. The Court provides a national forum for the formal adjudication of disputes between taxpayers and the Internal Revenue Service.

Like all courts, the Tax Court uses a case management system to manage its caseload. The current system is a legacy, non-web-based system. The Court intends to develop and deploy a new, web-based electronic filing and case management system that uses open source software.

Here we provide [a draft of the Request for Quotes (RFQ)](01_RFQ.md) that we intend to release to solicit software development services to build our new case management system. We are requesting comments and questions no later than Friday, July 13, 2018.

We intend to release the final RFQ later this summer with responses due within 3-4 weeks of its release.

## Table of Contents

1. [Introduction](01_RFQ.md)
1. [Statement of Objectives](02_SOO.md)
1. [Evaluation Criteria](03_Evaluation_Criteria.md)
1. [Appendix A: Description of the Tax Court](04_Appendix_A.md)
1. [Appendix B: Tax Court Network Environment](05_Appendix_B.md)
1. [Appendix C: Case Processing Workflows](06_Appendix_C.md)

The entire RFQ may alternatively be [downloaded as a single PDF](Entire_RFQ.pdf).

## Background

### What we're hoping to achieve as a result of this acquisition

We want a wholesale replacement of our case management system. Our goal is not to create a feature-level duplication of our legacy system, but instead to have a thoughtful software development process by which the various users of the system have their needs addressed. This is likely to involve substantial rethinking of some of our basic assumptions about what a case management system should do.

### History

The Tax Court currently uses a legacy, non-web-based case management system to manage its caseload. The current system is based on vendor-developed software which the Court has a license to use. Under the terms of that license, the Court is effectively precluded from using any vendor other than the developer to modify that software. 

The Court issued a Request for Information (RFI) regarding a new case management system on FedBizOpps on December 1, 2017. The Court received twenty-six (26) responses to the RFI. Many of those responses suggested a solution that incorporated a particular COTS or software platform for which the Court would pay an annual license or subscription fee. 

The Court has carefully considered the responses to the RFI, and the pros and cons of obtaining a solution that would incorporate a COTS or a particular software platform, and would require the Court to pay an annual license or subscription fee. The Court seeks to avoid both platform lock-in and vendor lock-in. The Court is concerned that using a COTS or particular case or content management software platform would unduly restrict the Court’s future ability to switch to a new software platform. The Court is also concerned that obtaining a solution that is subject to licensing or subscription requirements would unduly restrict the Court’s future ability to contract with a new vendor for modifications to the software. The Court therefore seeks an open source solution without annual license or subscription fees, with no restrictions on future use.

### How to respond

The purpose of posting this draft of the RFQ is to solicit feedback from any interested parties, including vendors of software development services.  It is our preference to receive feedback in the form of changes proposed as [pull requests](https://github.com/ustaxcourt/case-management-rfp/pulls), or by [opening an new issue](https://github.com/ustaxcourt/case-management-rfp/issues). In this way, feedback can be seen and discussed by anybody, instead of being available only to the Court. But for those who are uncomfortable with using GitHub, or are unable to do so, we also accept comments via email at clerk@ustaxcourt.gov. Please note that all e-mailed questions will also be publicly posted to this repository's [issues list](https://github.com/ustaxcourt/case-management-rfp/issues).

Note that we are _not_ seeking proposals at this time.

### Contract Term

The order will be for an initial period of one year, and the Court will have options to extend the initial period for a total of up to two additional years.

### Budget

The Court will pay up to $2 million for services during the first year, and up to $2 million during each of the two option years.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for additional information.

Commit message:

All major remaining changes for final language
Swap out prior files for updated files, based on feedback received from publishing the draft RFQ.

README.md, after:

# Case Management RFQ

An RFQ to procure a new case management system for the [United States Tax Court](https://www.ustaxcourt.gov/).

## Introduction

The United States Tax Court is an independent Federal court headquartered in Washington, D.C. The Court provides a national forum for the formal adjudication of disputes between taxpayers and the Internal Revenue Service.

Like all courts, the Tax Court uses a case management system to manage its caseload. The current system is a legacy, non-web-based system. The Court intends to develop and deploy a new, web-based electronic filing and case management system that uses open source software.

Here we provide [a Request for Quotes (RFQ)](01_RFQ.md) to solicit software development services to build our new case management system. Responses are due no later than Friday, August 24, 2018.

## Table of Contents

1. [Introduction](01_RFQ.md)
1. [Statement of Objectives](02_SOO.md)
1. [Evaluation Criteria](03_Evaluation_Criteria.md)
1. [Appendix A: Description of the Tax Court](04_Appendix_A.md)
1. [Appendix B: Tax Court Network Environment](05_Appendix_B.md)
1. [Appendix C: Case Processing Workflows](06_Appendix_C.md)

The entire RFQ may alternatively be [downloaded as a single PDF](Entire_RFQ.pdf).

## Background

### What we're hoping to achieve as a result of this acquisition

We want a wholesale replacement of our case management system. Our goal is not to create a feature-level duplication of our legacy system, but instead to have a thoughtful software development process by which the various users of the system have their needs addressed. This is likely to involve substantial rethinking of some of our basic assumptions about what a case management system should do.

### History

The Tax Court currently uses a legacy, non-web-based case management system to manage its caseload. The current system is based on vendor-developed software which the Court has a license to use. Under the terms of that license, the Court is effectively precluded from using any vendor other than the developer to modify that software. 

The Court issued a Request for Information (RFI) regarding a new case management system on FedBizOpps on December 1, 2017. The Court received twenty-six (26) responses to the RFI. Many of those responses suggested a solution that incorporated a particular COTS or software platform for which the Court would pay an annual license or subscription fee. 

The Court has carefully considered the responses to the RFI, and the pros and cons of obtaining a solution that would incorporate a COTS or a particular software platform, and would require the Court to pay an annual license or subscription fee. The Court seeks to avoid both platform lock-in and vendor lock-in. The Court is concerned that using a COTS or particular case or content management software platform would unduly restrict the Court’s future ability to switch to a new software platform. The Court is also concerned that obtaining a solution that is subject to licensing or subscription requirements would unduly restrict the Court’s future ability to contract with a new vendor for modifications to the software. The Court therefore seeks an open source solution without annual license or subscription fees, with no restrictions on future use.

### How to respond

Submissions must be sent by email to [clerk@ustaxcourt.gov](mailto:clerk@ustaxcourt.gov) on or before 5:00 p.m. EDT on Friday, August 24, 2018.

Questions about this RFQ may be submitted by email to [*clerk@ustaxcourt.gov*](mailto:clerk@ustaxcourt.gov), or by [opening an issue on this repository](/ustaxcourt/case-management-rfq/issues/). All inquiries must be received by the Court or posted on GitHub on or before 5:00 p.m. EDT on Friday, August 17, 2018. Please note that all e-mailed questions will also be publicly posted to this repository's issues list.

### Contract Term

The order will be for an initial period of one year, and the Court will have options to extend the initial period for a total of up to two additional years.

### Budget

The Court will pay up to \$2 million for services during the first year, and up to \$2 million during each of the two option years.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for additional information.
